docs: add descriptions and sidebar labels to existing pages (#725)
celestiaorg/docs: docs/developers/node-tutorial.mdx

---
sidebar_label: Gateway API tutorial

> description: This tutorial covers how to use the Celestia Node Gateway API to submit and retrieve messages from the Data Availability Layer by their namespace ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: This tutorial covers how to use the Celestia Node Gateway API to submit and retrieve messages from Celestia's DA layer by their namespace ID.
```
